README.md, before:

# Tien Content Mod

## !! READ FIRST !!

This mod was formerly known as `More Combat Chips`. In `2.0.0`, the update reformed the mod into separating features to respective gadgets powered by [GadgetCore](https://github.com/SuperKael/Gadget-Core).

The mod isn't anymore just about having more Combat Chips, but also trying to fix some issues and reworking vanilla content. Henceforth, this mod is now called `Tien Content Mod`. Please uninstall `More Combat Chips` mod.

## Summary

This mod contains 4 gadgets powered by [GadgetCore](https://github.com/SuperKael/Gadget-Core).

| Gadget | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| **More Combat Chips** | Adds more Combat Chips, all available in Old Earth. |
| **Better Augments** | Reworks negative augments; adds effects to useless augments. |
| **Droids Rework** | Reworks Droids to scale like any other equipment. Their base stats are also adjusted. |
| **Miscellaneous** | Extras, like adding more random names and other small changes. |

### More Combat Chips

- Adds new Combat Chips.
- Quadracopter is functionally fixed for multiplayer.
- Quadracopter now only costs 30 MP. (Configurable)

### Better Augments

- Mech City Beanie is buffed to fully recover health and mana when beaming.
- Adds new effects to augments that had no effect.
- Reworks negative augments to have a positive effect.

### Droids Rework

- Droids are now affected by level scaling.
- Due to scaling, the vanilla base stats are too high, so they are adjusted.

### Miscellaneous

- Gadget RPG now increases TEC instead of DEX and FTH.
- Add more random names from franchises for character creation.

Commit message:

update information to be more descriptive of what the mod adds Also implement Gold 15 acquisition changes

README.md, after:

# Tien Content Mod

## !! READ FIRST !!

This mod was formerly known as `More Combat Chips`. In `2.0.0`, the update reformed the mod into separating features to respective gadgets powered by [GadgetCore](https://github.com/SuperKael/Gadget-Core).

The mod isn't anymore just about having more Combat Chips, but also trying to fix some issues and reworking vanilla content. Henceforth, this mod is now called `Tien Content Mod`. Please uninstall `More Combat Chips` mod.

## Summary

This mod contains 4 gadgets powered by [GadgetCore](https://github.com/SuperKael/Gadget-Core).

| Gadget | Description |
| :----: | ----------- |
| **More Combat Chips** | Adds more Combat Chips, all available in Old Earth. |
| **Better Augments** | Reworks negative augments; adds effects to useless augments. |
| **Droids Rework** | Reworks Droids to scale like any other equipment. Their base stats are also adjusted. |
| **Miscellaneous** | Extras, like adding more random names and other small changes. |

### More Combat Chips

- Adds new Combat Chips.
- Attacker Drone: Places a drone capable of attacking from above and below.
- Messy Mk. I: Throw Messy so it wreaks havoc to enemies near it. It needs energy to power it up.
- Rejuvenation Wave: Healing Ward heals +1 HP more per 100 FTH. Angelic Augur heals +1 more HP per 50 FTH. This chip is not stackable.
- Passive chips that boosts stats now have XX version, which boosts respective stats by 24.
- Quadracopter is functionally fixed for multiplayer.
- Quadracopter now only costs 30 MP. (Configurable)

### Better Augments

- Mech City Beanie is buffed to fully recover health and mana when beaming.
- Rebellion Headpiece: Max HP is now 75. Gain 2 DEX per level up.
- Creator Mask: 25% chance to gain 1 MAG or 75% chance to gain 1 FTH.
- Eyepod Hat: On level up, stats gained are double, but equipment is only 50% effective.
- Gas Mask: When using a Combat Chip with insufficent mana, consume Stamina instead.
- Glibglob Hat: Gain 50% more EXP from enemies.
- Chamcham Hat: Gain 3% more chance into crafting higher tiered gear.
- Shmoo Hat: Monster loot drops are tripled.
- Shroom Hat: Combat Chips provide twice the effect when enhancing stats.
- Slime Hat: Gain double EXP from the Gear Chalice.

### Droids Rework

- Droids are now affected by level scaling.
- Due to scaling, the vanilla base stats are too high, so they are adjusted.
- Gold 15 is now obtainable through Mystery Gift.
- The code to acquire Gold 15 is removed.

### Miscellaneous

- Gadget RPG now increases TEC instead of DEX and FTH.
- Add more random names from franchises for character creation.
- Newly created characters now only get a basic droid and weapon to avoid an ensured gold tier Aetherblade.
